README.md, before:

# GLPI Plugin Directory

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/glpi-project/plugins](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/glpi-project/plugins?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

This is the server side and webapp of GLPI Plugin Directory.  
It is the future of http://plugins.glpi-project.org

## Have a quick preview of glpi-plugin-directory with Vagrant

THIS IS NOT UP TO DATE

If you want to type the smallest set 
of commands to just, see the plugin
directory run locally, let's go with Vagrant :

```bash
apt-get install vagrant virtualbox
```

followed by

```bash
git clone git@github.com:glpi-project/plugins.git glpi-plugin-directory
cd glpi-plugin-directory
vagrant up
```

If everything went fine, you're done, go visit  
http://localhost:8080
you should see a running local-copy, or a local running-copy of glpi-plugin-directory  
on your machine.


## Install on a machine

### First

clone this repository where you are able to serve it via
PHP and a webserver.

```bash
cd somewhere
git clone git@github.com:glpi-project/plugins.git glpi-plugin-directory
```

### Then, Fetch PHP Components used by server side

in the folder where you cloned this repo, run

```bash
cd api
composer install
```

### Fetch frontend libraries / Build web application

in the folder where you cloned this repo, run

```bash
cd frontend
npm install
bower install
grunt build
```

## Create MySQL database

First, create a MySQL database, and user,
which you grant CRUD and CREATE rights on the database.

```bash
mysql -u <usercreated> -p<password> <database>
```

```sql
CREATE DATABASE <database> CHARACTER SET utf8 COLLATE utf8_general_ci;
GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON glpiplugindirectory.* TO '<usercreated>'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED BY '<password>'
```

in the folder where you cloned this repo, run

```bash
mysql -u <usercreated> -p<password> <database> < misc/structure.sql
```

be sure to replace &lt;usercreated&gt; &lt;password&gt; and &lt;database&gt;
with the database and user you created previously.

## Create config files

You must create `api/config.php` file and `frontend/app/scripts/conf.js`  
Both of them have example provided that you can use to start a new one.

 + `api/config.example.php`
 + `frontend/app/scripts/conf.example.js`

## Loading Indepnet data from CSV file (Optional)

```bash
php misc/loadcsv.php -h hostname -d database -u username -p password -f csv_path
```

you can give the indepnet.csv file provided in misc
with the -f command line option shown in the example before.

## Grab plugin information 

### Manually 

```bash
php misc/update.php
```

### With crontab

It is up to you to use a crontab entry to run this script,
per example once every hour.

## Configuration (Via Apache HTTPd)

This is a configuration example for Apache HTTPd :

```apache
<VirtualHost *:80>
    ServerName glpiplugindirectory
    DocumentRoot "/path/to/frontend/dist"

    <Directory "/path/to/glpi-plugin-directory">
       Options FollowSymLinks
       AllowOverride None
       Require all granted
    </Directory>

    <Location /api>
       RewriteEngine On

       # Cross domain access (you need apache header mod : a2enmod headers)
       Header add Access-Control-Allow-Origin "*"
       Header add Access-Control-Allow-Headers "origin, x-requested-with, content-type, x-lang, x-range, accept"
       Header add Access-Control-Allow-Methods "PUT, GET, POST, DELETE, OPTIONS"
       Header add Access-Control-Expose-Headers "content-type, content-range, accept-range"

       RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-f
       RewriteRule ^ index.php [QSA,L]
    </Location>
    Alias /api "/path/to/api"

    ErrorLog "/usr/local/var/log/apache2/glpiplugindirectory.error.log"
    CustomLog "/usr/local/var/log/apache2/glpiplugindirectory.access.log" common
</VirtualHost>
```
## Configuration (Via NGINX)

This is a configuration example for NGINX :

```nginx
upstream php {
    server unix:/var/run/php-fpm/php-fpm.sock;
}

server {
    listen 80;
    server_name glpiplugindirectory;

    root /path/to/glpi-plugin-directory/frontend/dist;
    index index.html;
}

server {
    listen 80;
    server_name api.glpiplugindirectory;

    root /path/to/glpi-plugin-directory/api;

    add_header Access-Control-Allow-Origin "*";
    add_header Access-Control-Allow-Headers "origin, x-requested-with, content-type, x-lang, x-range, accept";
    add_header Access-Control-Allow-Methods "PUT, GET, POST, DELETE, OPTIONS";
    add_header Access-Control-Expose-Headers "content-type, content-range, accept-range";

    try_files $uri $uri/ /index.php?$args;
    index index.php;

    location ~ \.php$ {
             #NOTE: You should have "cgi.fix_pathinfo = 0;" in php.ini
             include fastcgi.conf;
             fastcgi_intercept_errors on;
             fastcgi_pass php;
    }
}

```

## Start a built-in development server in javascript

This is if you develop locally on the frontend side of glpi-plugin-directory

```bash
cd frontend
grunt serve
```

Commit message:

full command line call detailed to load indepnet backup

README.md, after:

# GLPI Plugin Directory

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/glpi-project/plugins](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/glpi-project/plugins?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

This is the server side and webapp of GLPI Plugin Directory.  
It is the future of http://plugins.glpi-project.org

## Have a quick preview of glpi-plugin-directory with Vagrant

THIS IS NOT UP TO DATE

If you want to type the smallest set 
of commands to just, see the plugin
directory run locally, let's go with Vagrant :

```bash
apt-get install vagrant virtualbox
```

followed by

```bash
git clone git@github.com:glpi-project/plugins.git glpi-plugin-directory
cd glpi-plugin-directory
vagrant up
```

If everything went fine, you're done, go visit  
http://localhost:8080
you should see a running local-copy, or a local running-copy of glpi-plugin-directory  
on your machine.


## Install on a machine

### First

clone this repository where you are able to serve it via
PHP and a webserver.

```bash
cd somewhere
git clone git@github.com:glpi-project/plugins.git glpi-plugin-directory
```

### Then, Fetch PHP Components used by server side

in the folder where you cloned this repo, run

```bash
cd api
composer install
```

### Fetch frontend libraries / Build web application

in the folder where you cloned this repo, run

```bash
cd frontend
npm install
bower install
grunt build
```

## Create MySQL database

First, create a MySQL database, and user,
which you grant CRUD and CREATE rights on the database.

```bash
mysql -u <usercreated> -p<password> <database>
```

```sql
CREATE DATABASE <database> CHARACTER SET utf8 COLLATE utf8_general_ci;
GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON glpiplugindirectory.* TO '<usercreated>'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED BY '<password>'
```

in the folder where you cloned this repo, run

```bash
mysql -u <usercreated> -p<password> <database> < misc/structure.sql
```

be sure to replace &lt;usercreated&gt; &lt;password&gt; and &lt;database&gt;
with the database and user you created previously.

## Create config files

You must create `api/config.php` file and `frontend/app/scripts/conf.js`  
Both of them have example provided that you can use to start a new one.

 + `api/config.example.php`
 + `frontend/app/scripts/conf.example.js`

## Loading Indepnet data from CSV file (Optional)

in the folder where you cloned this repo, run

```bash
php misc/loadcsv.php -h hostname -d database -u username -p password -f misc/indepnet.csv
```

you can give the indepnet.csv file provided in misc
with the -f command line option shown in the example before.

## Grab plugin information 

### Manually 

```bash
php misc/update.php
```

### With crontab

It is up to you to use a crontab entry to run this script,
per example once every hour.

## Configuration (Via Apache HTTPd)

This is a configuration example for Apache HTTPd :

```apache
<VirtualHost *:80>
    ServerName glpiplugindirectory
    DocumentRoot "/path/to/frontend/dist"

    <Directory "/path/to/glpi-plugin-directory">
       Options FollowSymLinks
       AllowOverride None
       Require all granted
    </Directory>

    <Location /api>
       RewriteEngine On

       # Cross domain access (you need apache header mod : a2enmod headers)
       Header add Access-Control-Allow-Origin "*"
       Header add Access-Control-Allow-Headers "origin, x-requested-with, content-type, x-lang, x-range, accept"
       Header add Access-Control-Allow-Methods "PUT, GET, POST, DELETE, OPTIONS"
       Header add Access-Control-Expose-Headers "content-type, content-range, accept-range"

       RewriteCond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} !-f
       RewriteRule ^ index.php [QSA,L]
    </Location>
    Alias /api "/path/to/api"

    ErrorLog "/usr/local/var/log/apache2/glpiplugindirectory.error.log"
    CustomLog "/usr/local/var/log/apache2/glpiplugindirectory.access.log" common
</VirtualHost>
```
## Configuration (Via NGINX)

This is a configuration example for NGINX :

```nginx
upstream php {
    server unix:/var/run/php-fpm/php-fpm.sock;
}

server {
    listen 80;
    server_name glpiplugindirectory;

    root /path/to/glpi-plugin-directory/frontend/dist;
    index index.html;
}

server {
    listen 80;
    server_name api.glpiplugindirectory;

    root /path/to/glpi-plugin-directory/api;

    add_header Access-Control-Allow-Origin "*";
    add_header Access-Control-Allow-Headers "origin, x-requested-with, content-type, x-lang, x-range, accept";
    add_header Access-Control-Allow-Methods "PUT, GET, POST, DELETE, OPTIONS";
    add_header Access-Control-Expose-Headers "content-type, content-range, accept-range";

    try_files $uri $uri/ /index.php?$args;
    index index.php;

    location ~ \.php$ {
             #NOTE: You should have "cgi.fix_pathinfo = 0;" in php.ini
             include fastcgi.conf;
             fastcgi_intercept_errors on;
             fastcgi_pass php;
    }
}

```

## Start a built-in development server in javascript

This is if you develop locally on the frontend side of glpi-plugin-directory

```bash
cd frontend
grunt serve
```
